(Yuya)
Previously on Yu‐Gi‐Oh Arc‐V!
How 'bout I tell you
all about
those evil jerks
from Duel Academy.
They came out of nowhere,
and destroyed everything.
They turned everyone
into cards.
And that's why
Kite's so angry...
You said...
Your name is Sakaki?
Huh?
Yeah.
Wait so... then are you
related to Yusho Sakaki?
You know my dad?
But of course...
After all, Yusho Sakaki
was our teacher.
(woman)
You're gonna be
a great duelist!
(man)
We believe in you!
Guess all these kids
are heading off to Duel School.
But why by boat?
'Cause they're going to
Duel Academy.
Then that must mean...
I'm in the Fusion Dimension!
If they catch me,
they'll send me to Duel Academy
and right into
the Professor's hands.
C'mon‐‐ open!
Now just come along with us!
Stop!
If you want to duel....
You'll duel me!
The girl on the Professor's
Ten Most Wanted List!
We better be careful!
(all)
Let's duel!
(Alexis)
Let 'em have it,
CYBER ANGEL VRASH!
(screaming)
(grunting)
Welcome to our duel school.
The You Show
Duel School.
And here's our dean...
Mr. Sakaki?!
♪♪♪
♪♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best
one day and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action ♪
♪♪ Are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪♪ If you'll
pay the price (whoo) ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
No way.
Mister Sakaki.
Aren't you... Zuzu?
I can't believe it.
It's really you.
You're all right.
(sobbing)
You're all right!
We've been
so worried about you!
Yuya and Yoko...
My dad, too.
(sobbing)
Oh, Zuzu...
Please don't cry.
Remember what I taught you:
Cheers, not tears.
(sobbing slows)
You've been gone so long.
Where have you been?
Now that's a tale
longer than a dragon's tail.
I was bouncing through
dimensions, one to the next...
Like the Xyz Dimension!?
Ah, it seems you know more
than I thought you did.
Yes, I did end up there.
In fact, that's where
I ended up first.
Then why are you here now?
Well....
Now that's another story.
Or should I say,
another boy...
Late, late, late, late, LATE!
The Xyz Phase
of the ARC Area Project
is currently 3 days,
18 hours
and 43 minutes behind schedule!
Gah! Make that 44 minutes!
The Professor
is going to be furious
and he'll take his fury out
on me!
He ordered us to carry out
his plans without pause,
you slackers,
and that's just what we'll do.
Do it, do it, do it!
Yes, sir!
Huh!
I'm known for my
100% efficiency rating,
and that's a reputation
I will not relinquish.
I'm only behind schedule
because my head enforcer
is slacking off again‐‐
where is he?
♪♪♪
You can't elude me forever...
and when I do find you...
you'll pay most dearly.
♪♪♪
He's wrong!
I don't believe it!
My dad never abandons anyone
in trouble‐‐ never!
Not even a cat stuck in a tree!
If he had to leave,
he had his reason.
I just wish I knew what it was,
and where he went.
You agree with me,
right, Yuto?
You met my dad.
Actually, I did not.
You must have.
Remember what you said...
Use your power...
to keep the world
entertained and smiling.
My father used to say that..
I don't know why
you're lying to me, Yuto.
Yuya, I'm not lying.
It was something Lulu said‐‐
before Duel Academy came
and took her away.
(people shouting)
(growling)
(Lulu)
This is wrong‐‐
teacher always said
dueling's about keeping the
world entertained and smiling.
It should make people happy...
bring smiles to kids' faces
and hope for their futures.
Isn't that right, Saya?!
(Yuto, VO)
It must have been
hard on Saya too,
because she was
your dad's number one fan.
She took personal lessons
and everything.
So when he disappeared
right when everyone
needed him the most...
it really hit home.
I get it...
no wonder everyone's
so upset with him.
Yeah.
All that's left are the memories
of better times.
Hey Yuto, have you noticed that
talking to you
has gotten easier
since I got to this dimension?
Yes, but it started earlier‐‐
back in
the Synchro Dimension.
When we were with
Yugo and Yuri.
When the four of us got
together, things got so crazy.
I couldn't think straight,
and our dragons
started acting up
like nothing I've ever
seen before,
like they were
calling to each other.
I didn't know if I should be
scared, excited, or worried.
I felt the same way,
like I was myself but I wasn't
really in control of myself.
Know what I mean?
Yeah, I do know what you mean
because I felt the same way‐‐
and what I felt
was not good.
Yuto, I'm glad I have someone
to talk to about all this,
instead of having to
dwell on it all on my own.
Hey, I wonder if‐‐
(Aster)
Well what do we
have here?
Oh... hey there.
I'm looking for my dad.
(yelping)
Well maybe I can help you.
I'm kinda of an expert on
hunting people down.
What's his name?
Oh... hey there.
I'm looking for my dad.
(yelping)
Well maybe I can help you.
I'm kinda of an expert
on hunting people down.
What's his name?
Who... are you?
His name!?
Well, uh,
my father's name
is Yusho Sakaki and‐‐
Yusho!?
Yusho Sakaki.
You are the son of...
Yusho Sakaki!?
You know him too?
I guess he really was
a hero 'round here.
Hero?
More like a zero!
Huh?
You would know that already
wouldn't you?
But what you don't know
is that you just made my day.
Yusho won't hesitate
to come out of hiding
if I use his own kid as bait.
That Duel Disk is‐‐
It's Duel Academy's!
Why do you have
a beef with my dad?
He's friends
with everybody.
Not with me.
There must be some kind
of misunderstanding.
There isn't!
Now let's battle!
(computer)
Generating Action Field
CROSSOVER.
I don't know who you are,
but I never back down
from a challenge!
Let's duel!
I'm making the first move!
But it's nothing compared to
the moves this guy's got!
Show 'em...
PERFORMAPAL FLIP HIPPO!
A PERFORMAPAL, huh?
That's right and I got plenty
more pals where that came from!
Check it out!
PERFORMAPAL HIP HIPPO!
Hop to it!
And because of
FLIP HIPPO's special ability,
these two get flipped into
defense mode.
And now, I place one card
facedown and end my turn!
Now... let's see what
you're made of.
You must
be careful, Yuya.
I sense that he's unlike any
duelist we've faced so far.
I know.
But, Yuto, maybe I can get
some info out of him.
And if I do,
maybe I'll find my dad.
So you're dueltaining
just like your dad, huh?
Well, I'll show you the same
thing I showed him‐‐
that dueltaining
only leads to defeat!
I summon
DESTINY HERO DRILLDARK!
(drill whirring)
But I'm not stopping there!
I'm activating the spell
D‐PRESSURE!
It lets me summon
a second DRILLDARK.
(drill whirring)
When my DRILLDARKS attack
they can bore right through
your defenses
and drill away
at your life points!
Piercing Peril!
(grunting)
(grunting and screaming)
I place two cards facedown
and end my turn.
(grunting)
Yuya... are you all right?!
For him this isn't a duel,
it's a vendetta!
But that won't stop me
from dueltaining.
Because that's
the only way to teach him
that dueling should
only be for fun!
I activate the spell card
SMILE WORLD!
SMILE WORLD?
All monsters gain
100 attack points
for every monster
on the field.
You don't need to tell me
what this card does.
I know it well‐‐
too well.
We'll see about that,
'cause I'm activating the trap
SMILE POTION!
And it'll have me
grinning from ear to ear,
'cause I can draw
two new cards!
This'll flip that smile
upside down.
Go D‐FUSION!
It's a fun little trap card
'cause I can use it
during your turn.
Now, by sending my
two DRILLDARKS
to the graveyard...
I can Fusion Summon!
(Yuto)
Brace yourself, Yuya!
I'm using the thrill
of the drill
to unearth a mighty new menace!
I Fusion Summon!
DESTINY HERO DYSTOPIA!
(growling)
And I'm putting its power
to use right away!
So your life points are about
to get drilled
by the attack points
of one of my DRILLDARKS.
Pummeling Palm!
(screaming)
(grunting)
You've seen
what he's like.
He duels to destroy Yuya.
I can...
change him.
Duel Academy's
the worst of the worst.
You can't reason
with those jerks.
Maybe you're right,
but maybe I can.
(gasping)
Just because something is hard
doesn't mean you give you up.
(grunting)
You just try even harder.
Besides, he might have a clue
to where my dad is.
He might be your only lead,
but look at him.
He's not gonna
give up that info.
Your dueltaining isn't gonna
magically turn him
into your best friend.
Your dad couldn't do it.
What makes you think you can?
Let's get real.
Yeah, we'll bring peace and
smiles to all the dimensions‐‐
but that's after we eliminate
everyone from Duel Academy,
starting with him!
Face it Yuya,
there's no getting through
to this agent of Duel Academy.
If you're not ready to make
the hard decisions, then I will!
But Yuto...
(pulsing and grunting)
Ahh!
(Yuto)
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale Three PERFORMAPAL SEAL EEL
and Scale Five
PERFORMAPAL CHANGERAFFE.
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
Now I can summon Level Four
monsters all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready...
to swing into action!
Pendulum!
I Pendulum Summon
SKEETER SKIMMER and...
PERFORMAPAL HELPPRINCESS!
So this
is Pendulum Summoning!
I activate SEAL EEL's
Pendulum ability!
It negates
DYSTOPIA's special ability,
and I regain 1600 life points.
I overlay my SKEETER SKIMMER
and HELPPRINCESS
to build the Overlay Network!
Cloaked in shadows
and relentless in its objective.
I call upon the most dangerous
of DRAGONS!
I Xyz Summon!
DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON!
I activate DARK REBELLION XYZ
DRAGON's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
the attack points of DYSTOPIA
are cut in half!
Then DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON
gains those attack points.
Treason Discharge!
I had the upper hand,
but now he's got
the advantage.
I'm not done!
I'm using my other Overlay Unit
to do it again!
Treason Discharge!
(growling)
Time to attack!
DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON,
take out DYSTOPIA!
Mauling Mandible Charge!
Don't think so!
My trap card D‐FUSION
protects DYSTOPIA
from destruction this turn.
But you still take damage!
(grunting)
And now, I'll end my turn.
And by ending my turn,
my monster's special abilities
conclude as well.
(pulsing and gasping)
(grunting)
Heh, nice hit.
I didn't think
you could Xyz Summon,
being from a different dimension
after all.
But you won't
catch me off guard again!
My turn!
I draw!
DYSTOPIA attack
DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON!
Dystopian Destruction!
(growling)
(grunting)
I activate PERFORMAPAL
CHANGERAFFE's Pendulum ability!
In exchange for itself,
I can get back
my DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON!
I guess seeing me destroy it
once wasn't enough for you.
But I'll be more than happy
to oblige.
First, by banishing
a DESTINY HERO
from my graveyard...
I can activate D‐DOOM DANCE!
Now DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON
loses attack points
equal to DRILLDARK'S.
And it gets worse‐‐
much worse!
My DESTINY HERO can attack
DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON twice!
DESTINY HERO DYSTOPIA, attack!
Dystopian Destruction!
Oh yeah?
So what!
Thanks to CHANGERAFFE,
DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON
can't be destroyed this turn!
But you'll still
take damage!
Ahh!
I activate the spell
D‐FACEOFF and end my turn.
So if you keep using
Xyz Monsters,
I'll keep
delivering the pain.
(grunting)
Because at the end of our turns,
D‐FACEOFF compares the total
Level of our monsters,
and if my total is higher,
one DESTINY HERO
gains attack points
equal to one hundred times
the difference in their Levels.
Since Xyz Monsters
don't have Levels...
Summoning them puts us
at a disadvantage.
I've got the upper hand now!
Since DYSTOPIA is Level 8
and your DARK REBELLION
XYZ DRAGON has no Level,
DYSTOPIA gains
800 attack points.
Now I activate DYSTOPIA's
special ability!
When its attack points change,
it destroys one card
on the field!
So say goodbye
to that slithering,
blithering PERFORMAPAL
SEAL EEL!
Without SEAL EEL,
you can't negate DYSTOPIA's
special abilities anymore!
And the pain
doesn't stop there!
Since DYSTOPIA gained
800 attack points,
D‐FACEOFF deals you
800 points of damage!
I activate the Action Spell
ACCELERATION!
And accelerate myself
out of danger!
What?
You may have escaped again,
but it's only a matter of time!
Because D‐FACEOFF
will deal you damage
at the end of every turn until
you run out of life points.
I bet this is how he
defeated all my friends...
slowly whittling down their life
points to prolong their torture.
Yuto...!
Going to your dimension
was the biggest mistake
I ever made, Yuya.
If I'd stayed here
in Heartland City,
I could've saved everyone.
It's my fault!
Yuto!
That's not true!
(pulsing and grunting)
(Yuto)
Payback time.
I'm activating...
THE PHANTOM KNIGHTS' RANK‐UP
MAGIC LAUNCH!
I use this
and DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON
to Xyz Summon a monster
one Rank higher!
Dragon from the bleak,
black pit!
Fierce, fearless,
ferocious fighter!
Rise and master the skies!
Go Rank‐Up Xyz Evolution!
Arise, DARK REQUIEM XYZ DRAGON!
Now, by using one Overlay Unit,
DARK REQUIEM XYZ DRAGON
absorbs all of your DYSTOPIA's
attack points!
Requiem Retribution!
♪♪♪
(growling)
You fool!
When DYSTOPIA's
attack points change,
its special ability activates,
and destroys your DRAGON!
I use a second Overlay Unit
to activate
DARK REQUIEM XYZ DRAGON's
other special ability!
Not only do I get to summon
DARK REBELLION XYZ DRAGON
from my graveyard,
but DYSTOPIA's special ability
is also no more!
I can't believe it!
This is unprecedented!
You'll pay!
No I won't!
DARK REQUIEM XYZ DRAGON,
attack DYSTOPIA!
Finish him!
Dark Destruction!
This won't help!
But this will!
I send DESTINY HERO ‐ DYNATAG
from my hand to the graveyard
to activate its special ability.
Since I have fewer life points
than you,
I don't take damage
from your attack.
Instead, we both take
1000 points of damage!
No!
(grunting)
Ahh!
(tires screeching)
(soldier)
This way!
(soldier 2)
Commander Phoenix,
are you okay?
(Yuya, VO)
Commander Phoenix?
(soldier)
Hurry!
(soldier 3)
Commander, you all right?
Do you need help,
Commander Phoenix?
(Zuzu)
Who was he?
(Yusho)
Aster Phoenix,
leader of Duel Academy's
invasion squadron.
He sent me here.
He's one of the most exceptional
and terrifying duelists
I've ever faced.